Rohitha Kalla 
Kondapur, Hyderabad, Telangana 
+91 6369055014
kallarohitha@gmail.com

Summary

4 years of experience in Full Stack Development.
Certified Full Stack Developer.
Strong background in API and UI development.
Professional communication skills in English.
Graduate of B.Tech in Electronics and Communication.

PROFFESIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Analyst  
DBS Bank                   04/2021 - Present
Hyderabad , Telangana
IPE is a payments processing engine that takes payment instructions from various channels and then processes the payment and sends it out for settlement. IPE works for Singapore, Hongkong, China, India.
Contribution: UAT requirement gathering and analysis of new functionalities. Development of new features that can promote transaction functionality to different countries, UAT and Production testing support, maintenance of system by checking OSS, fortify scans.
Programmer Analyst 
Cognizant (UHG)                   11/2019 - 04/2021
Hyderabad , Telangana
Growth factory creates API to valid the claims, manipulate accumulator amount, generating reports of copay balance of member form vendors.
Contribution: Development of API's in different micro services with code efficiency fetch, validate and parse vendor files from s3 location. Worked and enhanced the Stored Procedures. System design, & automated and streamlined existing processes, procedures and toolset. Perform unit testing. Set configurations for different environments Promote project to Test, Stage and Prod environments. Participated in full integration testing & rapidly addressed issues for resolving defects during deployment. Managed the deployment with the process using Jenkins Pipeline.
Programmer Analyst Trainee 
Cognizant (JPMC)                   08/2018 - 11/2019
Hyderabad , Telangana
Controls and Operational Risk Evaluation(CORE) is a framework for accessing Firm wide Operational Risk and Control environment identification management of J.P Morgan Chase across any financial institution.
Contribution: End to End Development of application with code efficiency. Translated UI/UX design wireframes into code for producing the visual elements of the application. Developing client designed templates accurately using ngx-bootstrap, ag-grid and PrimeNg. Developed prototypes to design complex design solutions

Skills
Java
Angular
SQL
Spring Boot
Kafka
TypeScript
HTML & CSS
Git
AmazonS3
Jenkins
Docker
JUnit
MockMVC
Mockito
Karma
Protractor
JPA
JDBC
Bootstrap
OpenShift
Stored Procedures
Hibernate

Education
Vasireddy Venkatadri Institute of Technology                     B.Tech 
05/2018
Guntur , Andhra Pradesh
Acquried  75 %